ladies and gentlemen this is internet
personality evangelist here with a
review of something a little bit special
it's a product created by a fellow over
on TF w 2005 it goes by the username
belly boy and he's created some
replacement faces for the original
Megatron toy these things are cast in
resin and painted really silver so I'm
going to show you how to install one and
let you know how it looks once it's in
place installing one of these faces is
one of the easiest things I have ever
done with a custom piece for an existing
toy the hardest part is finding a good
vantage point to get at some of the
screws you'll have to remove you only
have to pull out three and nothing falls
apart though you should take some
precautions and make sure not to drop
anything
belly boy has done an amazing job
getting this piece to fit perfectly into
the cavity of the original face on mine
I didn't have to do any filing any test
fitting or any modifications it slid
right in like a glove reassemble the
helmet and you've got a new face on your
Megatron what's great about belly boys
work is that the head fills out the
facial cavity a lot more proportionally
in my opinion at least then on the
original who was very for Hetal to use a
scientific term the replacement
faceplate itself is cast in black resin
and fully painted up and I really like
the paint job the shiny chrome enos of
it really matches well to the original
Megatron's chest and the piercing red
eyes are definitely an improvement over
the subtle yellow ones of the original
there are two different choices of face
plates this is the face plate one at
least at the time of this recording
there is also face plate number two
which has a somewhat wider aesthetic to
it the nose is a bit more flattened and
generally it feels a bit more like a
classic toy sculpt while type-1 is far
more angular and thin both heads do a
good job of not looking too modern
compared to the rest of the figure
they're attached to which can be a
problem with a lot of replacement heads
for g1 toys personally I prefer the type
one mostly because the angular features
just make it so much more sinister to me
but those who prefer a retro aesthetic
may prefer head number two since
it harkens back to the somewhat chunkier
aesthetic of the 70s and 80s if you
really love the classic Megatron toy and
want to add a little touch to just make
him feel a bit more in tune with the
cartoon
I'd recommend picking up one of these
faces belly boy is a good dude in fact
he's a very patient dude because this
video should have been done a long time
ago and he's been extremely extremely
good about my slow ass editing and
filming and etc so check him out
there'll be a link in the info box of
this video to a thread where you can see
exactly how you can pick one of these up
overall I'm very impressed by the
sculpting and finish of his pieces
they're definitely a niche item aimed at
a very small contingent of Transformers
fans but if you are one of those people
who just adores the g1 Megatron toy I
can wholeheartedly recommend grabbing
one of these faces or if you just want
like a disembodied Megatron face to
stick on it on a rod and put you know
outside your house to scare off kids
these are good for that too they look a
lot like Megatron anyway this has been
internet personality evangelist thanks
for checking this out as for me I'm
happy with pictoral face Megatron gotta
satisfy as a weird fantasy I had one
night during this dream basically like
the pectorals grow faces right and they
start arguing with each other and then
when they get really mad they just start
squirting milk out of their noses
because right the pictorials can lactate
even on a dude and Megatron's a dude
right so the g1 face up there is looking
down going all like what are you doing
and then the one on his left pectorals
all like I want to be the face the one
on the right so like no pick me and I'll
spray in milk everywhere and then like
basically Optimus Prime is pregnant